Kids Hack Labs - Senior - Fall 2020
Week 06 code
Homework

Instructions:

01. Copy over the whole Week 06 folder structure and files into a separate 
    directory.

02. Navigate to the src folder and open the intro_screen.py file

03. In the IntroScreen class's initializer, add an 50x50 pixel Surface.
    When you create the Surface, use pygame.SRCALPHA as the second argument
    in the surface's initializer.

    REMINDER:
	To create a pygame Surface, make sure you imported the Surface class
	from the pygame module, using the expression:
		from pygame import Surface
	somewhere in the beginning of your code

    NOTE:
	The syntax to create a Surface is
	    Surface(size, flags)
	where size must be a tuple with two values and flags is a pygame 
	constant. While flags can be omitted, we need to use pygame.SRCALPHA
	for this activity

04. Fill the newly created Surface with the Color(0, 0, 0, 0).
    We need the surface's base colour to be transparent for this activity.

05. Create a variable to store the Surface's Rect.
    HINT:
	Use the Surface's get_rect() function. If in doubt, check the code
	from Week 05.

06. Draw a circle with a colour of your choosing on the Surface. The circle
    should be centered on the surface and have a radius of 25 pixels.
    HINT:
	Use Week 05 code as a reminder on how to draw shapes onto a Surface

07. Center the Rect created in step 05 on the screen. You can do this by
    using the self.size attribute and the rect's center attribute.

08. In the IntroScreen's render() method:
    Modify the code to store the game's display surface in a temporary
    variable.
    REMINDER:
	The game's display surface can be obtained using
	    pygame.display.get_surface()
    After filling the temporary surface with a colour of your choosing,
    blit the surface with the circle on the temporary variable.

09. Save your code, then open and run the app.py file.
    You should see a circle in the middle of the screen

CHALLENGE:
    If you made your screen resizable during class:
    Make it so that the circle is always in the center of the screen. The 
    size of the circle should also always be 1/9th of the screen's width.
    NOTE:
	This size was originally calculated based on the initial sizes of
	the project. Since the screen's initial width is 450 pixels, a 
	circle with a diameter of 50 represents 50/450ths; that is, 1/9th
	of the screen